Enable Large Tensor Support: Stage 1 (#18625)
apache/incubator-mxnet: CMakeLists.txt

include_directories(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/include)
include_directories(${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/src)

> if(DEFINED USE_INT64_TENSOR_SIZE AND NOT USE_INT64_TENSOR_SIZE OR CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P EQUAL 4)
>   message(STATUS "Large Tensor disabled")
>   set(USE_INT64_TENSOR_SIZE OFF CACHE BOOL "Use int64_t to represent the total number of elements in a tensor")
> else()
>   message(STATUS "Large Tensor enabled")
>   set(USE_INT64_TENSOR_SIZE ON CACHE BOOL "Use int64_t to represent the total number of elements in a tensor")
> endif()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 cmake_dependent_option(USE_INT64_TENSOR_SIZE "Use int64_t to represent the total number of elements in a tensor" ON "CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P EQUAL 8" OFF)
```

This may keep the code concise?
